it seems like you have to be in school all day
I'm so glad you bought it !
I'm not sure if they would park there .
No , they are not . They are not.
2 points from the match and loses 7-5 in the 3rd . Gutted
Yes , I am . I'm advertising that water on you display picture lol
The official register for classes properly thing .
I'm not deactivating , I'm just ignoring everyone for a bit
You should smile more often , it makes the pictures look cuter .
The Dalai Lama is not answering my questions . Where else to go ? The pope ?
thank you for jumping on me . I'm so excited to see you .
I'll hold you forever . I love you too .
All starting with Neptune in direct alignment with earth.
The liability side of things . That is far harder challenge to overcome for adoption .
Don't blame thanaweya on what you choose to read pls u_u
I saw u in my profile pic lol
I dance like a girl
I need you to talk to me
I wish you spent money on me like that .
I don't think the phrase " to my fingertips " makes more enthusiasm than there actually is .
he was making ice cream when he made the ice cream
you honestly just summed my whole life up in a tweet
That's better than being at Riley .
LITERALLY ME AND SONE PEOPLE GET TWENT PLUS IM SALTY AF
I looked at him and waved back while he got close to say hello -
Teleports to and picks her up to jog back to the TL .
I hate refugees but I hate the government.
Good to see you too ! I'm doing fantastic actually .
Yes , he is smiling . He is smiling.
it's not as much about you having caught a cold as about your mental state right now.
it annoys me so much especially this one _URL_
I can't see a b ...
It's stupid because they do it in Africa.
I don't agree with CJ being with OK with gun owners families being brutally killed ? Or his plagiarism ?
I tried my best to make you smile
I'm not . I'm just a badass.
I was locked out in my house
did you come back last night ?
It's safe to star a selfie without coming across as a creep .
I will film a review once I am capable of speaking again 😳 😳
Did you hardcore ship Angel and Buffy too ?
Yes , yes , yes it is.
I've followed so many people recently what is this ?
* not paying attention , so he doesn't see him *
I'm talking to my twin
he's cute in that hat
She was next to me.
I don't think it's because you don't have eye color .
it wasn't just plain rice and mash lol
you're face is a massive no from me but you win some u lose some
I'm going to book them for you .
My cousin lives close to St.Vital.
this was out my window two winters ago about 10 mins apart at 6am
it's really hard to pay for 2 difficulty modes , easy and normal .
Racist hysteria . ProFootballTalk first became popular by tracking player arrests and pressuring NFL to address thug problem.
The world has nothing to offer for me . I'm sorry .
I can't wait for the world coming to ..
I'm ready to feed you !
LOL . I just gotta keep pitching for my boy don't cha ?
It doesn't work like that.
I always have to ruin my vibe :' ( ( (
hello ! welcome to meet you too ! ! !
I did but it appears to be a windows 10 issue.
Didn't he do it ?
I'm trying to login to the account associated with this Twitter handle . ^ GH
She is not relevant anymore and will never reach Madonna's sales :( _URL_
my house smells proper lush cause me mother decided to buy Christmas air fresheners.
hahahahaha that's so funny
I'm trying to remember this tweet on my account.
That lariat keeps getting more popular , it's special.
The CHORUS OF NIALL & HARRY SIGNING RIPTIDE _URL_
I don't even go there anymore cuh , I go there more now
I'm you . I'm you.
I'm still waiting at the bar for that cocktail
I feel like talking to anyone anymore y'all are losers
* * * I'm sick * * *
BLM is a hate racist group causing division .
I saw someone on instagram with the same chair in different colors \ / patterns
The teachers ' strikes are good for kids ? I can't think of any .
I don't know . I'm not sure .
LMAO he hit his ' father's ' hand with it
8:30 am eastern time . 😒 some days just seem to drag so long .
Sorry , I'm going to the studio now !
I'll be meeting up with my wife around 12 though .
That's not an opinion . its just being rude .
why do you want me to die tbh
" I'm fine . " I said and slowly took a step back
* I stayed focused on you * hurry up Mari
I start my new job but that's it !
I've made the executive decision lol
I can't wait to see it .
I would rather not go to college than go to UT
Didn't he get into a fight ? ?
Would you throw it away ?
I'll do straight stuff tonight . Lawd give me strength .
I'm doing well thanks . I'm just fine . Good morning .
I'm walking about like an extra from The Walking Dead.
I can't find this song that's playing in this movie !
I just walked in and saw you looking at me
I love key
Yes , but cuisine has always evolved by being constantly hacked . And I'm sure you can pipe markdown into evernote.
It is the number one response when people share their experiences of racism and islamophobia . It's disgusting . _URL_
I feel like I'm getting older
I haven't played yet _URL_
I'm fine , thank you . I'm just checking on you .
I'm a Stat Blue Lam and I like blue skin.
I need Bob , Tina & Linda !
I'm so excited for them !
I don't liking kids
Ya don't call me bemba !
I'm not being nominated pabo noona . _
hahaha I'm not sure , but I can't pronounce it .
Yes , they do . He looks like he's about to collapse .
I'm a regular guy . I'm grateful for them , but I'm just a regular man .
I was referring to her tweet . She ’ s not on tv atm .
I used to go to parkheights when I was stupid
I need a hug that lasts like 2 minutes and a good hard laugh .
Good morning my sweet lil donut ☺ � ☺
I'm so sad to hear that :(
" This is as far as I've got ! " _URL_
That circular thingy on my arm ? Looked really cool !
she twitches really bad , the dr said watch her bc she can have another stroke . the twitching is really bad .
If you paid $ 400 for a dress I can't wear to homecoming my dad might shoot me
It's true . It's true.
I'm in trouble by the cray cray police o :
I'm in the lake right now . Where are you ?
I'm getting nicks and dimes
why do you talk about music with me anymore why do you all suck ?
I'm not saying that , but it's true .
that's why they predicted a time i was shoook
I'm having some issues with the app . ^ KA
I go to college n do beauty therapy but finished that ahahah
I'm so happy for you , Emma
It's arrogant to say that. It's arrogant.
Fellaini , in the meanwhile .
I'm not sure how fast I can get blocked
It takes forever to download .
I don't know . It's not official yet .
I don't think so. He doesn't seem to think so so.
I'm happy to hear you're smiling !
I'm already planning on building a miyus
did you see all of his pics ?
No it's still going ! It's only one I use
DORADO PROMISE PLAYBOY OR TENDER LOVE
I'm having a problem with the internets working \ / all other apps
They need to be backing these people or shutting up . Period . _URL_
he needs to be loved more omg
It was a satire of the establishment - and then gradually morphed into it .
I heard a familiar booming voice Anne walked through the hall and paused upon hearing speaking with
You're a very naive person or you invested too much $ $ in your fishnet stockings.
That's ridiculous . It's a joke .
It's breadeu . Bread ? I know breadeud but umm , I dunno name.
I've been waiting for you to remind me !
I was feeling the same way my first semester
They do ! Eggnosticism will not be silenced ! !
I was wondering where you are from ?
I don't care for her anymore
I'm a bassist and drummers ( or guitar if you're named joe trohman ) )
I'm a judge and I'm sober as a judge
Chris Cornell ’ s new album.
It seems like the front mech seems fine now . May need a little adjustment .
I'm in the brush as she watches you -
They are the best team in Serie A !
@4TheLoveOf_Mani lol you better go to that nail shop lol
The train trips demonstrated he was planning a coup . Pretending o be ' one of us ' LOL
I saw your sign on night 2 ! ! Did you notice it ?
I wouldn't call coming back to tie after being down 23
I went to that first football game you went to ? lol
We're making movies . What is going on ?
I was gonna do something else ... But thanks for giving me another idea ...
I want to remind you about our first encounter.
I'm going tomorrow . Maybe I will tomorrow .
That's a good job for your kid .
I'm so flexible in the first pic i can't do it
I'm not sure , but I do like lips.
- rubs my beard on your face as we hug - That guy has a lot on his mind ..
I'm not talking about who I think you are , I am too .
I'm not worried at all
That coffee was nice but I regret having it .
I'm proud of you <3
I would say where I'm going but it's a surprise ☺ ️
I've read the first one and I'm really enjoying it .
Would you like to go to the park ?
omg he's cute ! * ^ * *
Sometimes you cheat and lie & then you have the nerve to wonder why the person u love changed
The white one with the jacked up eyebrows because mine are patchy , too 😂
Good Night Abby . I hope you had a Great night . Stay Cool , Stay Awesome , & Stay Strong Abby .
He was wearing a soul eater shirt.
Would you like a decent coffee at 6am ?
I'm good but kinda tired and hungry
I'd take Lab over Tories then if pushed ? Haha
you mean mean , im gonna report u to mackay ?
Yes , it does. It makes you cooler.
* He lived in Lumoise , wandering it sometimes , exploring the city and its many allyways . *
that's not true it's just a myth
I can't wait for Alontra is coming to see me !
I did my first stoppy today . It saved my life.
I don't know why you don't put up the link for HD
I don't lick my head lol
15 fut draft is hyping me up for fifa 16
I'm not so good today . I missed you too .
I'm not sure but I'm in the same decan
I was at canes last time
I want to lick her chubby cheeks
I don't forget my donuts tmr fool
If they had photoshop skills they could go further but they're not that talented
I haven't found it yet
They signed loads of gold players that aren't actually that good in real life.
If you have a few water breaks , you can include a few broken ones .
I've got nowt to moan about apart from a significant lack of Halfpenny thigh on display !
It's mine , all mine . Go shoo .
@2K_ball_is_life ya it will be interesting if anyone can do it is him tho
I'll bite my head off and bite it
Future hubby ! I love you too !
Good morning . I was just talking to you .
I would love to meet you ! ! !
I'm in class right now . How are you ?
Hi harry , this is tiffany . Sure , already _URL_
I'm in the cage
Hides under his desk ' cause he likes his soul exactly where it is . _URL_
Wenger is way better than Rafa Benitez.
The Russians are spoilers and can't be trusted . They haven't changed since they called themselves " Soviets " .
you have me beat by a day
She died ? I don't think she died.
I'm not threatening you , I'm just threatening you .
Didn't you STUDY TODAY ?
It's always the consumers ' fault , in their eyes .
No it's not. It's a dance.
I want to cuddle you all day long
Yu hakusho for now bruv ?
you're going to be at fall out boy concert ?
It's probably bad that , as an adult , I still think looks like the best game out for this Christmas .
* he looked over to his son with a ' don't you dare ' look on his face
I'm looking for a place to stay
I got a job 2 and I can't even get 1 job :(
They are so pretty ! I must get one of these !
I'll call you back my show to come on .
honestly, they must have laughed at us .
I am starving myself just for the ticket
I'm going to see you at the Sunflower Lounge !
* he pointed his gun at you and laughed *
I don't want you , I just want my thank you
It's a dating website . You stay off of it Eris .
That's all it is about . Controlling women . Unbelievable how stupid this is .
Charlotte don't even get me started ! ! !
I don't have it on my tl
She chews and hands the box over to him .
Yes , I did . I like the chocolates.
that's a lot bigger mountain to climb
Would have been quite an issue . _URL_
The Top-section first . First tweet there is the most important tweet.
" I touch the lamp ? " She asked .
I can't believe im awake this early
I love going to his class but it drives me crazy
I need to hear from you
I've seen a lot of crystal in my lifetime .
Yes , the call centre closed at 22:00 . Are you still in the queue ?
I feel like burning after that sunbed sesh
I will NEVER come back to retail.
one fool cracked em in the head with this one fool
It's a beautiful sound . It's so simple .
I can't stand manga mostly because I can't be bothered to read without motion pictures
I'm always happy when you're happy .
I don't get it . It's annoying .
Ik , that's who you look like
Yes I do. I'm partial to this 10,000 watt antenna.
I aint got no1 in my corner .. it jus took me some time to realize
you had me I just wasn't good enough .
I wanna join the Arkham fight night lol
I look like a hermaphrodite to me so ~URL_
Thank you for the tweet . I'm so proud of you !
omg I just saw my junior post about it
Did you get to see " Backcountry ?
I need to go back to class
I just recently went back to school . But now I feel like an idiot .
Foxy is so scary that even Pauline be a pirate crew.
Did he get arrested ?
I didn't even have a clue about this .
I don't live in SF anymore
The one with the CHILLS THAT KILL .
Yes , it's good . I'll watch it if it is good .
The OCIP trip to Cambodia this year end .
Pierce your ears for the cheap
A piercing gun cost money ... That's the whole point.
I don't . I just don't do it .
Naeun ~ ~ this is apink's naeun greeting !
Yes I am . I am. I love the Chargers.
did you see that I'm number 2 fan ?
I would do that if I could .
That's a good one !
He is the best player in the NFL
I don't have a PANCAKE
I don't have the same hair as you .
I complain about work all day and get wicked dollar ?
omg that's what I'm talking about
I have senior math tomorrow with mr fletcher
I'm gonna go next year.
I'm a girl & I don't play football . _URL_
They can be double pregnant , as you mentioned earlier.
I'm fine , thanks ! I'm just trying to get some rest .
I think state violence disproportionately turned on blk ppl. The more u know ... _URL_
I'm glad henna is one of our traditions 😍
I want in n out or toppers atm
I DIED AND CRIED A THOUSAND TIMES
I think most of them from foreign lands are.
I can't get decent a level grades but at least I can name every Mac lipstick.
She was in the car waiting for herself to finish work _URL_
hope you have a good weekend and can't wait to see you tweet again soon
She has to be impeached like a judge sitting on a bench since she was elected to the job .
I think so too , he's more human than any of the other trolls.
I'll be happy to meet you too !
I'm first this is so cute jhggdsgjkhffh
yeah , working Monday's till the end of my training for a bit of extra cash
Game 1 will be on Saturday .
I will be the hostest with he mostest
* Is sitting at table with shades on and sips orange juice *
hi xero ! nice to meet you too !
She's not making it in the state choir.
Play video games , they're great ( \ / o 3 o )
I went to the 5pm one , you should go to the Sky show.
no I mean don't use that word.
I'm happy there's doughnuts shop by my school
good to hear you too ! ! ! I'm really good !
Wilshere will be back in the team , need Wilshere back , shame
I won't vote
I missed so many great acts I missed at reading .
I am looking forward to seeing you .
Yes I do . I do.
I'm SO GOOD AT BGO
Tadaaa , mini guitar for our g
Jesus was showing his anger at religion without substance . Just as the fig tree looked good from a distance .
* teleports to where you where *
I'm going to see you in London
it's okay Borat dwww I'm sure no one is gonna steal ur unique make up bag lol
@1bluntchick MAYBE HE WAS LOOKING AT ME
Yes , it is. I love it.
I miss you too ! ! !
I'm still looking for it
I'll be back . I need a personal Twitter fornow and its offers really good
I got this bad boy today _URL_
How do you lose just the screen on a laptop ?
If you want to use the part in a customer's computer rip
I would like to have a private dream about hoshi _URL_
I was so sad to hear that .
Some of us are looking for stubble.
If you want to do Heroin 1st , you can .
I was acting soft last time . I knew u was t really bout that life .
I would like to have a laptop too .
it's a limit , not a goal
I've been so obsessed over this movie so watch it
I'm crazy but that just makes you sound crazier .
I'm trying to force myself to breathe .
I wish I didn't get stage fright I'd so do acting
if she trine slam she hadda be goin
That's what she said . Satire is anti-sensitive generally.
I won't be cancelling and disputing match will get cancelled
I'm pathetic for losing out on £ 300 .
I don't have enough badges to date me .
I am not a big Trump fan. He's got his finger on the pulse as no one else does
Why buy a new rose gold iPhone when you can just buy the ptx album ?
I can't find it onLINE
I'm talking about devout Corbynistas . The likes of for instance .
I'm dressed in a mermaid onesie . So pretty good .
you can download it here
it's been two years !
It's hard to exist when you dead af _URL_
I would like to know your questions .
like the way she was treated an everything
you are juvia and I'm gray lol xD
Good job ! ! Thanks for the laugh ! ! !
I don't remember either this is your fault
I'm not allowed a Nikon coolpix l820 .
I feel pretty good at school right now.
@5Fangiraf how big of a fan are you ?
he was an actor but he went on WWE ;)
he is on that arrow show you watch , right ?
5 people unfollowed me
It's okay , it's nice .
She thought Spanish 4 would be a breeze 💀
Everyone is going to LIC except for me.
The Playa _URL_ this is getting Quiznos sued lol
They're even pretty strict about taking pics of random people , but I had this .
I feel like I'm experiencing the same thing
The pain carried over from the past and the daily grind
Academia is complicit in the continuity of poverty as well .
I was looking at the other bunny .
I have so many magazines I get in and then its just laying there
I don't want it to be bad.
I'm really hungry for my curry dinner tonight
Yup , I had curry for lunch . A sure sign it's fall . And, well , curry has mystical powers over stomachs .
Good day , I'm back ! Good day ! !
Yes , I have . I'm looking for a link tomorrow for it !
Yes I remember to remember to keep that in mind , too .
If i made this too , i'll make this too .
I'm so honored to meet you !
I'm not surprised that u just screen shotted me
I need a therapist who will see you long term.
I'm going to be with josh
5pm here ? I'm late for the party
I forgot . I forgot .
I can't say anyone can play it.
I don't want to make it a TV show .
I'm never free to go out . I'm always my answer .
I've never had an arm spasm .
I regret not sharing right about now lol
Liking header , she has the same header picture as me
I hope he gets Giroud's level.
I would want to be a toy monkey before
They hate maps and are thirsty for white validation .
he's such an adorable happy virus spreading love and joy who could possibly hate him ?
I'm not that busy oppa
I want to get shrek condoms
I'm dead . He collapsed in a heap and lay still ] I'm dead. You killed me .
I'm coming to see you !
I'll be there at 6:30 pm .
I can't wait to get em on my feet !
Komachi , stop bringing the living here !
did he go deaf in 1 ear ?
Hi , I'm just here to say hello to you
I can't do that that I'm afraid .
I've been watching the arario one just to hear tae.
I was 22 when I had my dream
When do you start uni mate ?
Which town are they in ? I'll see if I can add them .
he's the best Michael I know !
Why would they dump on SG ?
I'm fine , thanks . Just having tea with rum .
They were quite good !
I'm relieved to hear that ! Thank you .
I'm feeling really quite sorry for myself . Can't be bothered with anything today .
I would love to join a club !
Time to give this new BMTH a try
It's the nastiest fabric . Feels icky . Looks icky. Leaves fluff everywhere .
Michael I'm in UR Neck of the Woods ! Indiana ! ! !
I like ahren & joel so much
They are loud , drunk , always getting lost , and they are very annoying .
I DON'T FEEL GOOD FOR YOU
I'm trying to spell something wrong .
I haven't figured out that yet .
I would love to meet you at otra toronto !
Good to hear about the Saints today !
I need to get a haircut . My hair there > vs now.
WHY DID YOU FEEL SO SO SORRY
I'm going with my mom on Friday
I'm not going tomorrow but I'm going tomorrow
I love you too ❤ ️
I'm not going to tell you that.
Yes it did ... But it aint pretty honey ...
YUP ! The race only cost $ 35 and you get a t-shirt !
I need to RSVP for me plus 2 others
hello ! nice to meet you too !
I'm not even trying to troll
One doesn't negate the validity of the other .
" I don't even know it should ask her "
When your city only has the Giants or Jets , Knicks or Rangers \ / Islanders .
I've been there for 3 years and I'm not sure where to go .
Yes , I do . I do.
I'm still in school at 3am
Three days ? All ? 2 through 4 ? 3 and 4 ?
I'm sorry , but I'm not sure if you have it yet .
TICKEY PNR : 3354723 7 AMOUNT 456
I haven't heard of Pendulum yet.
I miss you too too . I miss u too . Wings when I'm home ?
I heard they killed a policeman . Are the comrades right this time ?
I can fix that real easy ! Just play it , lol
I'm sorry to hear that . I just dropped you .
It looked like a baby version of Uncle Tito from Rocket Power.
I'm trying to distract him
I'll have 960K tweets hahahh
I'm fine , thanks for asking .
I was just watching him and I was watching him.
omg that was hilarious omg oi that was funny oi
It would have happened other than " earlier "
I'll be back in a few minutes .
I'm having a problem with the link on my website .
I feel your phone vibrate , I lift it up and read the text .
I'm so happy for them !
It's interesting . I've never seen it .
They deserved it , they've had an awesome run this year.
I've never watched it before but I'm like 😁 😁
I saw you at the last person I saw you
Why do people always find me when they got rs prob ?
that would be a bargain for sure.
The graphics are better and some games come out on there before the 360 .
I'm listening to this song and I know I'm about to get my life ! ! !
I think the one on the top-center is perfect
I heard that. I'm dead.
I don't think it's cute at all
I thought you would say hello since I was around .
I've never seen a picture of you touching my nipple
It's like you lose your girl . How does it feel ?
I'm not losing what's mine . That kid is a joke.
I always wanted to read ... _URL_
I've been working on a novel for a few weeks .
The eclipse at 2am is a must see.
I've been snatched _URL_
did they have a promo back home to do ?
She walked into the room of the baby , and put everything in boxes .
What happened to her daughter's home ?
I'm the wolf pack's phoenix . I'm their faerie. Sort of .
that's how I got a directioner and a kpopper at the same time.
I'm not sure what's going on with the BlackHAWKS .
It was Churchills ' pen that made it happen when it was Faisal.
I'm really looking forward to seeing it .
I'd do that if I knew I couldn't sleep
I think it's a bribe for my baby 😭
I hope you're ok if you're here for me
It's a lot better than many 1st world countries.
I'm going to read it COUGH COUGH.
I would tell you to talk to the professor .
I've never been told that !
i like kiryu but i also rly like Kiryu.
I DIDNT HE DIED AT THE END OF MY LIFE
Didn't she know that he was her cousin ?
I can't wait to see it !
Gd will officially open on her bday and she'll be there on behalf of gd ?
Thank you for reminding me that I need to wake up
i had them knock me out when i had mine removed
It actually wasn't too bad ... That was like $ 850 I would have to pay ...
It is in Annawood Hills . Do you know it ?
I don't need to do this on Twitter . It's not cool .
iplayer expires at 1am tonight
They can joke around but Justin can't ? _URL_
Hey ! I'm doing great ! I hope you're doing great too !
Why are you stalking the moon ? ! Leave the poor thing alone
I'm just having a nice day too
I'm going to get some sun screen on , you pasty Scottisher .
I'm going to die
I'm not laughing at it . It's depressing .
I don't like it at all.
Yes. Yes. They met through OKC .
no movie has made me happier
The 50 Friday needs to be huge.
I use soap , shampoo , deodorant , toothpaste and toothpaste .
you can download it here
If he actually followed thru , which i doubt he would.
I feel like launching my phone across the room !
Get up and get out of bed
I would like to work in your office .
I love rice crispie . They are especially good with golden syrup .
Have you ever had a flashing white light on their PS4 before ?
I think that marron is hot ? I'm about to vomit
I'm going to go much shorter with my hair , a la Edina Monsoon .
It's less to be squished by hats , so ...
you are the cutest fluffball thank u so much but i really am
I love it when you notice my mutuals 😭 😭
I WILL STIP MAKIN ME CRY AGAIN
I try , I try . I feel like I haven't seen you in forever too ...
Yes , he did . He did.
I'm going to be hot next week !
I'm so sorry to hear that :(
I used to be your favourite cheeky you tuber once
please forgive me I heard it all before and I can take care of myself
I would end up killing , I mean banishing , Naruto if that happens .
OMG I MISSED HER SO MUCH
He always show off his chest nowadays - _
I just wanna be alone
I like hyukoh so much
I don't use this account anymore and its pointless to have it
that would make me wanna see that movie.
Star Wars is coming to my son .
I'm watching him as he walks around the corner
I'm not sure if it would be a dream season.
I'm going to PAKISTAN in DECEMEBER JANUARY TOO
I wish I was a mom
Happy birthday to my baby ! !
Happy birthday ! ! ! She sure is so fast ! !
I finally got to sleep last night
I want to talk to you too
I'm sorry to hear that . I'm still on twitter
it took me an hour to get it done
It's not championship sunaday it's championship monaday.
A surprise ? ? I don't have to surprise you !
did you see them get out of the car before the show ?
Hi Asifue , We are checking your issue and we will get back to you in a moment . Thanks !
Hi , I am sorry to hear this . I am still using your account .
* shakes head as I heave a sigh * nothing .
Yumisu-sama would be the dragon-cerberus.
Just relaxing and studying for the rest of the day . Might visit some people tomorrow .
PINKS AND PINKS AS A DRAW I DID A RED BLUES
They're the best to color with ok
why are you watching a game when you're clearly a VIRGINIA fan ?
find me a better one tf im only a person
I should not have said that ... I'll be hearing from Three because of this , I'll bet my pension ...
I thought he was lost
I don't have the SAME NAME AS MANNY.
it's boring and boring and I hate it
Thank you , buttercup . I'll take that as a compliment .
I TYPE LETTERS UNTIL SOMETHING COOL HAPPENS .
Andrew was on HHRS over two dozen times .
I'm happy to see the PE department more than the people tbh
I've been waiting for so long then fainted and can't see you anymore
This is Zhang Yixing \ / Lay of Exo . The sweetest baby you'll ever meet _URL_
The Cubs are winning , they are still , the Cubs are still .
I would take you all around the world my love
I'll be the first to take you to the prom in high school _URL_
i get a stiffy from all your awkward dance moves .
I'm really sorry to hear that . I was just trying to get home .
2 months of gym senior year
Why you do not follow me ? Please be my 4 \ / 4 zzz
I'm not sure but i'll do it .
I don't know . I haven't seen season 5 yet .
" I'm wide awake ! Don't accuse me ! "
I didn't know it was that close ! !
Black hammer . I might've found our next black hammer . _URL_
Hi , can you please DM me your number ?
The lighting cooperates very well . I'm really impressed with it .
I don't know what it is .
It is true . Mike Huckabee just let out a huge high degree fraternal secret in America . He is actually right .
I think Smith will be walking around with one of those power bottom rose gold iPhones soon
it's been a long time since I bought it
I don't want to be gay
Jisoo's image is biased af lol they are trying to tarnish jisoo.
It is acknowledged my immune dysfunctions is compromised.
Watching A New Hope w \ / the kids at work and so far so good.
mine usually starts from the second my eyes open 😂
He's w \ / me . He's not saying that ! lol
I'm sure I'm much better this way though. _URL_
I'm ok , I'm ok
pray for me nothin wrong with me I just stan cobra starship
I'm off day okay . ): I missed out th fun 😤
I didn't expect ya to get beasted out on .
It's a very small number of votes , mainly Conservative , deciding a large number of swing constituencies.
I went to the Ed Sheeranconcert two days ago ! ! !
I've been having issues with port reviews . I'm having a problem with it .
I mean they killed off Derek ... I mean it was mcdreamy .
it was real but it isnt real
no butts . You're too little to have real guns .
I'm gonna turnt Diana !
He knew he was just so hurt and confused .
Family is different than other people , is there a difference ?
I'm not sure how I feel about coming home this weekend .
I missed you too . I miss you too.
yes and now i don't know how to do my lab report ...
" I'm going to interrupt you . "
I'm still sorry , I will keep being sorry . SORREH
I don't think that way .
Happy birthday ! ! I'm 18 ! !
I own a lot of which I own.
I am asking the_awakend . She is one .
I can't steal from a girl , dude . They'd think I'm crazy .
It should all be covered under warranty.
it's bad for you
I will be happy for you . I will be wonderful .
I need the textbook first to study haha
no that was him. Yes he was.
It was really good ! But I laughed at the creepy parts 😂
I thought I was weird
It would be a good idea to run Scotrail .
I'm fine . I'm just fine .
* I was in bed calling out your name *
I just got this laptop yesterday so . And I'm using Windows 10 so .
No Dean , but it will be released yet in this year :)
" You will , because you are my idiot . " Le smooches .
Yes , yes I have . I have a rly good time in class and ig that rly helps.
I'm going to bet it will be a girl .
I don't need a new car
No ... they don't . Its not their body . They have absolutely no right to shame women for having one .
I'm looking at your picture
I'm not doing what I'm supposed to be doing
I'll take them home with you so they will be cared for and fed properly .
They are fed every morning along with 3 others . They are feral and prefer it that way.
I wanna do something to mine but idk what just yet
Send me the document and I'll sort it for you .
It doesn't matter to you but the truth is I've seen 5 Tweets about him today .
I met a lot of new people !
it was so funny to hear that .
I'm so glad to be back too !
I'm so scared for this fic ...
Good morning , I'm always smiling at you .
Yes , it is. It is.
no I'm not going
OMG I MISS YOU SO MUCH
I was watching FIFA 11 when I was a kid .
It could be used as a torture technique , it's so bad 😭
Would you mind to turn notifs on ?
* I want to talk to you *
I don't want to go back to work
Defiance and the entire planet is probably on the verge of being destroyed .
I need to get better at crocheting without looking so that I can read.
I think it was the acid I remember .
I'm going to drink tea with you
Yes , it is. It is.
I was woken up by them ! Haha 😂
no he shud know where his child is
I miss you more than anything
I'm scared of you
I'd love to have a chat with you .
I would love to , but I don't have a partner to shipped with
Did he walk out of the building ? Did he limping ? Was he in a wheelchair ?
I'll fix it with gorilla glue .
I ordered a tall one from .
cause you bihh made and you don't text me if I'm down .
I called you an hour before this and you were at work.
I miss you too when you coming to fw Dee
I'm not sick . I just got sick .
To watch them fall against the cards ?
I woke up in the middle of the night
I'm sorry , I've been sick for days
I love your account . I love your username and layout !
I'm gonna try everything to go too !
True progressivism is not ideological . It is pragmatic. It is factual. Pope Francis , in my view , is a pragmatist , not an ideologue.
I had mine pierced for 5 years and it was weird when I took it out.
Do you know any writers or editors at sports or new online publications ?
I hope you choke the next time you eat .
I'm glad you liked it
He's the light that guides me through the dark.
I would go myself if that's what it takes.
Imagine , , if Toronto had LA-envy and decided it needed a big sign so people knew where they were .
I click " favorite " even if you know what someone means ...
I miss you too ! I'm fine !
New years eve is the biggest party of the yea
It's possible that you can't move back enough in your mind.
I have no idea I ordered it yesterday and it said 3-4 weeks.
Music Hall of Williamsburg _URL_
It starts like a love theme , and then I guess driving around.
I don't like trash . I post trash and they don't liking trash I guess .
I'm going to do that rn
Hi , I'm having some problems with live chat . I'm not sure if you can help .
It's not bad at all . It's much faster.
It's easier than trying to check in for an EasyJet flight online .
It is harder but the consequences of getting it wrong are a bit more severe. Missed flight vs Death.
I DID YOU DIDNT WANT TO . THIS IS THE RESULT .
Dhul Hijah Mubarak brothers and sisters how r u all ? 😊
How much of the ball a team has?
I see you but u never see me
The letterbox deposit options from branches ? That's what I'm referring to .
I love you so much ❤ ️
I'm sorry to hear that . I'm still on the line .
I don't think she has like a real career now but all I can think about when she is Unfabulous.
I'm going in that day lol
I'm always open to good bad song suggestions ( and I'm lazy so double bonus )
Thank you for reminding me that I have a cup of coffee
I'll take you to this Starbucks sometime ! It sounds delightful . ^
Peyton , you don't turn down Lucas when he proposes to you
they did but they did but I dont think they did .
hello , he's a little boy
Roger Angell is probably the greatest baseball writer of all time .
I remember when I was a kid and I used to read and remember .
@ girls that do their make up while driving ... wyd
I don't know who is " BTOB SUNGJAE "
you should I just called mine and they said they were you never know
I found a website with virtually all my posts on it _URL_
I thought it was funny lol
Hi I'm Zach nice to meet you too
* wink wonk wink * OH - IS THE SUN HAVING A SOLAR FLARE ? * smirking & kisses forehead *
I use a rubber hose . It's a good choice .
Korean is the same as NORTH \ / WEST
I will be back in about 5 months.
I woke up with an achy body . I feel like an old man when I'm sick.
I sometimes wonder why my face is so ugly.
Yes , it did . I'm sorry to hear that .
I don't do evil at all
I'm going to shoot my family .
Mine too ! I've been 500s all day and now I'm dropping too fast !
he is the worst kid I've ever heard of
I can't wait for 3D
Wouldn't ever in my life wat that
The editing is so beautiful and captures him perfectly.
Do you have a phone tracker app or something ?
I was not . I was not told so I look neglectful .
it is not . hugs you close and kisses your temple .
Hey I got a new video game . Wanna try it out with me ?
* groans in disgust * * * I was having my own issues * *
I am trying to know kpop male idols other than EXO. Suggest me some that you think I could like.
I'll talk to you later maybe !
Good morning ! How are you doing ?
I'm just to lazy 2 get up , so I'll have to wait till tomorrow morning
Good morning . Good morning . How about you ?
Joo is coming . He will be coming . Then him now .
Good to see you too !
I have many kinks , an intense love for tables is not one of them.
I don't think she looked like her.
I'm not the same I prolly be cuffing hoes
If you're 1 hour behind central Europe then I believe so
Hi Emma , I'm sorry to hear that . Did you get the wrong No Emma ?
I love leela n I love her.
Parker come off bench
I don't think he's better because he's coming off injury.
why love yourself when you can love reiji
I love you too ! ❤ ️
when I was a child I was adorable , I don't know what happened with my face
I miss you too ! I miss u too !
I've been smoking for two days
IT SMELLS SO GOOD I LOVE IT SO MUCH BETTER THAN THE OTHERS IT HAS A FRUITY
If my dad finds out i cut \ / any \ / class today he will tear me up
One of you can't do that
I don't know . I'm not sure .
I'm trying to figure it out
why isn't it socially acceptable to wake up at 4 pm ?
you should try the filters out on you then .
she's this girl who in the Fandom no one likes except some delusional people
I'm still playing games with the last girl
I don't have a lot of friends on my TL lol
Thank you for the invitation but no .
It reminds me of hardcore _URL_
I don't know . I'm not sure .
It doesn't affect , we find racist.
I don't understand it either !
I'll stay in bed for a few more days
I need to work over there.
The confederate flag isn't racist
* squeals with delight * My power of suggestion is on POINT tonight ! 😁
Good night Master Baggins * calls from outside the TL *
I'm not gonna die
I went to marine land years ago ... Memories 🐋
He's been in the forces for a long time . I leave Prisoner 2130112 alone .
Would you eat it now ?
I don't want to get ready for school lol
I'm a geek and I'm always busy .
I don't have friends at school either . So yeah you probably are a nerd.
I can't find the link on your website . I don't know .
Yes , it does . But it doesn't always upload correctly .
he got pulled from celeb juice !
I'm going to do a tweet spree sometime in the week 😉
he did everyday sweety just like at 4am .
Yes , it has been. I think it was a good change in the last 2 years.
I want to go to school
yes I did dude to come look at the shoes
Otra clev was boring so I only care about those two things
I'm hungry but it is 1 AM
I had scrambled eggs my life is terrible
I find this really funnical.
Salbanbanese mayonnaise.
I hope it doesn't rain too much
The tour is not supposed to be happening .
That's why you drink at Mali Ya Mungu
I'm at palm beach right now come through
I wish i could get a new one
Didn't she goin to Texas till December ?
they're gay they flipped me off then winked .. Creepy people.
McDoanlds is open at 3AM
I need a Droid for Christmas ! _URL_
devil or not cuddle still bae point
That's not true . I just nearly wet myself that can't be true .
Who gets first is always first . I just mean when it's not clear who should go .
I'm so sad for you , gonna miss ya '
She's holding his free hand .
I never watched the movie and people kept calling bambi so i assumed it was a girl
She's always her fault .
I don't feel bad if you ruin it cause caramel is finnicky and extremely easy to ruin .
It's ridiculous. It's insane.
I love u too
I miss my mum so much
She just started crying . What's gone off ?
why they won't just release him ?
Yes , there are , but not a patch on Jo x x
gay is so great I am gay.
I'm so happy for her ! ! !
I've been hearing from this asshat for decades . Like there's no waste or fraud in the private sector.
The replies to ' s tweets are overtly negative . She's not resonating , the campaign isn't effective . _URL_
I'm going to meet you !
They're not cheap , but mismatched .
I KNOW RIGHT A. A A A AIZAAA i hate him
I love you too ! ❤ ️
I don't know where it is . I'm looking for it .
I WISH I WAS AS FUNNY AS DIANA AND JENNY AND MARGOT I GIVE UP
I will invoice you for time wasted .
I'm sorry to hear that , but I'm not sure if you're in .
He can do more than that to make me a believer but he can ball tho
I have a lot of names .
my face is 1 and my personality is 9 so im 10
Kurome is a kurome.
I haven't seen the bus yet
many twitters do you have now also like how you're following Obama.
I think Obama will help you with government and politics.
If someone who is not black chooses to braid their hair , then its not cornrows.
I'm a Christian and I believe in God .
No . I am of Jewish descent , you are a Gentile .
it's so simple to play and has such ear warming sounds !
yes girl and stuffy nose
Good to meet you too ! I'm always smiling and smiling.
I've always tried my best to seduce you ♡ _URL_
I watched the e60 on deangelo hall lol
6x400m ? I'm really good at it .
I'm just screeching thruout this whole v app thing with taeyang .
One to many to drink
hollister model . You mean you check my clothes lol
Dreamer is about to read : novelist . Entrepreneur . Self-made . Dreamer . Bikini competitor . Go green .
She's so perfect and smart , i fell in love a second time when I saw her .
He spent close to 200m and still has the same win percentage as moyesiah .
I cry more when you cry.
I want you to say I can get it right the first time .
If I wasn't here for the music I would've left a long time ago .
that's why u lowkey gotta upper lip and that's why most of the other white hate you.
I don't know , but I don't want to tell you .
It is a Christian school and Sanghis are jumping up and down with glee.
I liked it . It was really good !
Yes , yes , we do.
I don't get racist when she's racist like Wyd
I'm excited for all our backs really
I'm not that sexy . I bite my lip.
I haven't heard from you for a while .
I heard it give ppl headaches
OMG I HATE MY MOM I WAS SLEEP
I think about this kind of thing too often TBH )
I'm really glad you had a good night
I'm sorry , I haven't heard from you yet .
I love this show so much
I'm not smiling at you , I'm just smiling
* Hides into his arms *
I haven't caught anything lately . * hugs her * catch anything lately
Pheasants ! * Smiles , but she would cuddle close to him.
I don't think he will back up all his big talk .
It's awesome ! I'm really enjoying it !
I don't get noticed on Twitter by food companies I dislike .
I've read ZIALL FANFICS LATELY , BC I CANT
No question about that . Risë Stevens is almost as bad as her Liza Elliott .
I never really understood the concept of guilt by association .
It's only 9:57 pm and I'm already falling asleep .
I got unfollowed by the school's newspaper so that's what kind of student I am .
I'm not back yet . I think you'll be back within the next month.
When do you start work ?
Yes , I have. I've had a lot of sprained my ankle & damaged some ligaments . But I need to wear the boot .
I lost like 3 centimetres in my waist
I'd love to get you a new banner
I was so excited to be there !
I'm a niners fan so THATS GREAT TO HEAR , MATE !
I was just watching it and it was so intense like they're gonna drop something I feel like they are
I say hello * she breaks through your defenses * honk honk
I want to go back to work pronto
hahaha ! Adventure time !
Thanks for the ring count k ! I'll try to get my ring count !
Lmao he was those Magcon people and his music video looks like ALAYLM lmao
I care less about these two millionaires it ain't making my wallet any bigger
I KISS THE WRONG REDHEAD
I'm in luck because I'm way over here in America
The Pyroar spoke in a curious tone .
I need them for a couple of months .
Launchpad co-working space today . Thanks for the tip :)
Good luck to Arsenal ! They are always unlucky in that ..
I cryign ive even gotten some of my friends into saying it : ' ' ' ) )
She was much more disciplined & experienced then. That's why I say Kitana > Mileena > Jade.
I don't call it intersectional , I call it feminism .
I'm late but u ptm 😂
I have a laptop and a laptop for work .
I'm so sad they are all having so much fun 😩
it's only a hour tonight and tomorrow , them two hours can get me some days off marra
I want the shark costume but it ’ s $ 45 x_x and something I ’ d wear once .
The website isn't even working omfg I'm gonna cry
I'm SUPPOSED TO TOP AFTER THAT
I've been to st Louis and kansas city .
JOOO im zzz i'm still here
I wish you had one
I graduated 17 years ago ... 17 ! ! !
I liked it from _URL_ Azure Stream's : Final Fantasy IX.
I don't see that at all !
I thought that was only on Christmas.
I'm looking for FOOD in my FRIDGE ! ! !
that's lockdown until second semester.
Native American child sent home over traditional mohawk
I am finally home and safe , and am guessing from the lack of replies that Beth is finally asleep .
Haka's are nothing to do with rugby or it's tradition , get rid of them pre match .
It's a part of the tradition than lifting in lineouts , " crouch , bind , set , " , World Cups and professional.
I live ten minutes away this isn't fair
I'm not happy with the service I have received when trying to set up new broadband line .
21 days till I finish high school
I was just out there last night chief lol
Doritos pizza from Pizza Hut ! !
Sunset from the top of ferris w _URL_
Thank you so much ! I'm looking forward to seeing you !
I was 13 when you threw the football at me
I will sing a lot of gintama and love live at karaoke.
it was a soft red pink before , don't confuse me omg
I'm still trying to figure it out
Good to see you too ! Hope to see your pretty face soon !
I'm going to cry like a baby .
I made Flavio into a support role so Chloe can spam Ailing Slash .
I think Eris has something up her sleeve and is gonna be a traitor .
I wouldn't mind going to school.
Thank you for the thank you . I appreciate it .
The Walkie talkie is ineffective from close range . _URL_
Good Night Ariana . I hope you had a Great night . Stay Cool , Stay Strong !
I'm not going to be there next week .
I would , but I would , BUT I'll spare you the details 😏
I'm sorry to hear that but it's still loading .
I would get mad if he did that .
Not everything's about you Hun xURL_
it was so nice today what are you talking about ?
You can see the card here .
I think sooo they all have long hair and horns like him too ! ! !
The spirit moves in the birthing canal of the spirit a little slower with the spirit.
that's why I got the new Galaxy s6 edge
They make other people think that all of us are like that too
